{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx916\tx1832\tx2748\tx3664\tx4580\tx5496\tx6412\tx7328\tx8244\tx9160\tx10076\tx10992\tx11908\tx12824\tx13740\tx14656\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs19 \cf1 Dear Prof. Kang,  \
\
I am writing to apply for the PhD Research Assistant position in Materials Science & Engineering/Mechanical Engineering at ASU, as advertised. With a First-Class Bachelor\'92s degree in Metallurgical and Materials Engineering and hands-on experience in advanced materials synthesis, characterization, and mechanical testing, I am eager to contribute to your research on graphene-metal composites and plasma processes in semiconductor fabrication.  \
\
During my undergraduate thesis, I designed and characterized copper-based shape memory alloys using crucible furnace processing, XRD, SEM, and mechanical testing (UTM/DMA). This work required a deep understanding of phase transformations, microstructural analysis, and vibration control applications\'97skills I believe align closely with your work on advanced composite materials. Additionally, my proficiency in Python for data analysis and experience in metal fabrication (welding, CNC machining) could support computational modeling or experimental workflows in your lab.  \
\
I am particularly inspired by your focus on advanced manufacturing techniques and plasma-assisted processes, areas where I aim to deepen my expertise. I am confident that my background in materials engineering and passion for innovation would allow me to contribute meaningfully to your team\'92s research goals.  \
\
I have attached my CV for your review, which details my academic achievements, research projects, and technical skills. I would welcome the opportunity to discuss how my background could align with your team\'92s needs. Thank you for your time and consideration.  \
\
Best regards,  \
Chiedozie Francis Chukwukam  \
+234 903 878 8399 | chiedoziechukwukam@gmail.com  \
}